in this video I'll show you how you can
use chat GPT to summarize a YouTube
video so this is a 31 in 31 minute video
let's say we want to use track GPT to
summarize it because we don't want to
watch the whole thing so first what we
need to do is go ahead and go over to
chat gbt you then want to paste in this
command can you summarize this YouTube
video for me the title is how I turned
400 into 150 million by upflip and what
I've done there is I've just simply
copied the title and the channel name
then we can go to chat gbt and we can
click on this button here chat GPT has
then said that it can't summarize the
video without the URL so now what we're
going to do is just grab the URL
and then I'm going to say here is the
URL of that video and then paste this in
so we've got a summary of that video and
one more thing I want to show you I can
say something like
give me the five key takeaways in bullet
points of this video and here we've got
the five key takeaways being written
here that's how you can summarize a
YouTube video with chat GPT